[SM-582] Adapt documentation for policies (#245)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/policy-openid-connect.adoc

TIP: You can use the extra information to further tune your business logic.

=== Open ID Policy for Service Mesh

The Basic Open ID Connect OAuth 2.0 Token Enforcement Policy works in the same way as the regular policy, with the following differences:

* Does not offer the option to expose headers

> * Does not include the option to enable third-party authentication server TLS validation, as the validation would occur from the edge of the cluster, not from the Mule Runtime pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Does not include the option to enable third-party authentication server TLS validation using self-signed certificates
```
